want to bring out a special guest that
we met at the comic book convention and
it's a he doesn't really have a name
it's just called the Green Monster
but it's Anthony Jones and it's a very
nice very talented guy who makes
costumes please I am Anthony welcome to
beyond vaudeville okay oh oh okay and
maybe you can just grab a seat next to
David there over there oh oh look at all
that now always eyebrows go up and
everything okay
all right there David all right let's
let's just calm down all right maybe
Anthony all right yeah they're right on
the edge it's okay right David okay
there we go I just have a seat there all
right Anthony he doesn't like to do all
right
maybe ante there's a chair over there
maybe you could get I think that might
be a better idea yeah yeah yeah that
one's okay okay now this is a oh but
over on the side maybe so everyone can
be seen here okay
all right everything's under control
I'll know Anthony it's gonna sis now
there we go
yeah he deserves the seat but now now
while in which have you done plate
spinning or anything like that before
basically the piano and the impressions
yeah and Anthony and thank you and glad
you could sit down David thank you for
being courteous and letting Anthony sit
down and let's play this now the boney
Maroni know that's the end of the other
song here we go
oh man
crazy
okay well III think we have a couple of
seconds left
sorry I thought that was gonna be the
end but let's quickly show the Freddy
Krueger spitballs that you can get to
don't forget that and the new kids on
the block trading cards and know what
they do give you the gum what there's
Donnie Everett is the Donnie and on the
back there's a puzzle you can put
together if you get all day all the
pieces okay and and oh and also the
turtles cards - you can't forget cuz
they're just is there almost I would say
they're even better than the new kids
cuz I don't really like the new kids but
anyway we'll show you more next time and
please join again beyond vaudeville
thanks for thanks for watching okay the
music's coming